>> Joe Nelson: We had two streams we
ended up making, our search input and
our click stream.
Clicks stream, how would we read this?
What happens?
>> Brian Lonsdorf: Well, we just left it
messy with the inner compose [CROSSTALK].
>> Joe Nelson: There's a cool part of it
actually because what we did is we put it
on document.
We found toDocument so
that was the maybe thing.
You remember that, Brian?
>> Brian Lonsdorf: Yeah.
It's in that YouTube ID where you try to
get the YouTube ID at any document click.
So we just take any document click and
put it in a maybe.
And then if it doesn't
have a YouTube ID on it,
if it's not an element with a YouTube ID
we just don't run the player.
>> Joe Nelson: So
when I'm clicking around on the page but
not on an LI It gets to click.
It goes through the stream.
It eventually hits this YouTube ID thing.
Actually, yeah it tries.
But this could return like not a maybe,
like a bad maybe.
Maybe you don't map over because
the thing you clicked on,
didn't have a dated YouTube ID.
Had you clicked on the list, though, it'll
get picked up and it'll get what it needs.
So, the click could be anything.
I don't know how sound it is,
but it's fun.
It's interesting to see
that you click anything and
it knows what to do because
it's in the right functors.
>> Brian Lonsdorf: The bottom line there,
I think we'd probably factor a little bit
before pushing main thing because that's
just kinda like why are we
map composing this stuff.
Like Player creates pure,
why doesn't that go up there I would
probably put the player create inside
of some kind of just returning HTML.
So we're saying on value get the YouTube
ID why not just get the player right there
and then we'll set the HTML to the player?
>> Joe Nelson: I think the reason it
didn't come up in regular Chrome is
because of an iFrame restriction
of some kind like a YouTube.
>> Brian Lonsdorf: Yeah, but
I was just pointing out,
these are just like what puts together
before I wish we'd refactor a bit.
Anyway, yeah, I think we should push
this through refactor for a second,
then push it as an example of something
you can do where your whole app is pure,
easily tested, memorizable,
portable, whatever.
>> Joe Nelson: Yeah, so
we'll put all my stuff or so, here see you
too and all the libraries
you saw the slides all over
any changes that happened to jazz fans and
all the stuff will be available for
you to try again and if/when you have
questions and all these craziness.
Just tweet at us or whatever.
We're happy to help.
>> Brian Lonsdorf: Yeah, I also said,
I didn't have time to get to
applicatives and monoids.
Those are so
much easier than functors and monads.
So if you look at the slides and
you guys have questions, just email me.
Or we can try to have some
kind of thread follow up.
We can talk,
maybe we could get an email list of just
like, here's the rest of the slides.
Ask me questions on the list,
or something?
I don't know if there's a way to get that.
But, yeah, we'll just figure it out.
Or we'll set it up and you can sign up.
>> Speaker 3: Yeah, we have a forum.
We just don't use it, so
I can set up a new thread, or whatever,
and send everyone to it.
>> Brian Lonsdorf: Cool, yeah.
So in case you were dying to
hear what applicatives were you
could talk to me about it.
>> Joe Nelson: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Lonsdorf: And the other part of
it is there's a lens library, that,
it's mind-blowing if you know how functors
work, otherwise it's just neat, so.
[LAUGH] If you guys go
check out lenses and
kind of understand it's built on F map.
It's like woah, but
that's all I wanted to say.
>> Joe Nelson: That's all
I want to say as well.
>> Brian Lonsdorf: Yay.
>> Joe Nelson: Cats